[SPARK-56449][INFRA] Skip pre-flight checks for code questions in AGENTS.md (#55303)
apache/spark: AGENTS.md

## Pre-flight Checks

Before the first code edit or running test in a session, ensure a clean working environment. DO NOT skip these checks:

1. Run `git remote -v` to identify the personal fork and upstream (`apache/spark`). If unclear, ask the user to configure their remotes following the standard convention (`origin` for the fork, `upstream` for `apache/spark`).
2. If the latest commit on `<upstream>/master` is more than a day old (check with `git log -1 --format="%ci" <upstream>/master`), run `git fetch <upstream> master`.
3. If there are uncommitted changes (check with `git status`), ask the user to stash them before proceeding.
4. Switch to the appropriate branch:

>    - **Existing PR**: resolve the PR branch name via `gh api repos/databricks-eng/runtime/pulls/<number> --jq '.head.ref'`, then look for a local branch matching that name. If found, switch to it and inform the user. If not found, ask whether to fetch it or if there is a local branch under a different name.

Reviewer: I see that `gh api repos/databricks-eng/runtime/pulls/<number>` wasn't added in this PR, but maybe we should fix it here.

Reviewer 2: oops, let's fix it. @szehon-ho

>    - **Existing PR**: resolve the PR branch name via `gh api repos/databricks-eng/runtime/pulls/<number> --jq '.head.ref'`, then look for a local branch matching that name. If found, switch to it and inform the user. If not found, ask whether to fetch it or if there is a local branch under a different name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - **Existing PR**: resolve the PR branch name via `gh api repos/apache/spark/pulls/<number> --jq '.head.ref'`, then look for a local branch matching that name. If found, switch to it and inform the user. If not found, ask whether to fetch it or if there is a local branch under a different name.
```

## Pre-flight Checks

> These checks apply to all tasks **except** answering questions about the code or its behavior. For those, skip these checks and work directly on whatever branch is currently checked out.

Reviewer 2: ah, I think there is ambiguity here: do users want to ask questions about the code of latest master branch, or the current (may be dirty) local branch? Both are possible, but I think do not disturb the current branch is a better default. So +1 to your proposal.

Shall we just make a single change? `Before the first code edit or running test in a session, ..`

Author: sure, done, thanks!
